Meeting Notes 4/6/2016
----------------------

- Make a view that allows gcMembers (and any other user) to change their username and/or password.
- Put checks within the views/controllers to enforce the permissions related to each kind of account.
    - When user logs out, clear session variables.
    - All checks are done javascript. They occur before the POST.
        - This is how we will display messages to the user.
    - Checks for deadlines
- Security: Implement hashed passwords.
- Nominee form needs to pull data from database through controller/model
    - When nominee submits, it inserts new entry into database
- Need to figure out how to send out email 2 days before deadline.
- Need to create a nomineeInfo view.
    - Could probably use scoreController for this
    - This is what the gcMember sees when he clicks a name in the score table.
- Need an incompleteNominations view
    - Accessed by gcMember
- Need view for gcMember to look at previous sessions.
    - When gcMember clicks session, he can see the score table for that session.
- Once nominee submits his form, email is sent to nominator
- Need view for nominator to approve of nominee responses.

- When nominator logs in, taken to addNominee form
- When admin logs in, taken to current session
- When gcMember logs in, taken to score table.

- Add timestamps to all forms

ACTIONS:
- Sammy and Alex to create user manual
- Robin and Julian to add description to design documents
- Robin to make view and create logic for allowing users to change username/password.

 - [x] Sammy to implement checks that enforce account permission (i.e. which pages each type of account can view)
- [x] Sammy to implement hashed passwords
- Robin to implement back-end logic for nominee form
- [x] Sammy to research and/or implement email deadline stuff
- Julian to create nomineeInfo view
    - he will also figure out how to have it pop up in a new window when nominee is clicked in score table
- Alex to create incompleteNominations view
- Alex to figure out how to put his email templates into variables.
    - Update email templates to include appropriate links for each kind of user.
- Julian to create view for gcMembers to look at previous sessions
    - [x] Sammy to implement back-end logic for this.
- Alex to create view for nominator to approve of nominee's detailed info.
- [x] Julian or Alex to make URLS consistent. (i.e. /admin/createSession)
- Robin to update login controller
- Everyone who creates a form: Be sure to capture timestamp.
- Alex to fix UCF logo; currently, it resizes based on the window/browser size

IF HAVE TIME:
- Implement gcChair's special ability (i.e. add Accepted column to score table)
- Add ability to delegate responsibility
